Let's take a look.
So again, there are a few different
ways that we could do this.
One way is that we can take
our selected codes array,
and use it in our a filter
call to our API logs data to
compare the status code
of each data point and
check it against that array [LAUGH] and
see if it is one of the valid ones.
So, one way we could do that
is in our call to filter.
And again,
we could name these whatever we want, but
let's just keep with this
convention of D for datum.
We can see if the selectedCodes
Array includes
the value of the data points status code.
And if it does this will return true.
So, it will pass our filter and
if it does not it will get filtered out.
If I have typed this correctly,
how does that sound everybody?
Seeing some thumbs up.
Excellent, hoping for
virtual thumbs-up from you all out there.
Alright so, now let's see if we've done
this right then, when we get rid of this.
Okay, when I uncheck some of these boxes,
the chart should update.
Okay great so,
as we are deselecting some of these codes,
we're seeing fewer and
fewer data points visualized.
We're also seeing some of those colors
change probably because certain of
the paths that let's say
the all of those yellow dots,
a lot of them came back with 200s.
And if we take away the 200 code
then we have different colors.
And so on and so forth.
And so, we can still go back to
our original plot by checking
everything again.
By default, everything is selected but
users can decide to drill down and
maybe I'm only interested in
looking at these server errors.
These a couple of 503 that returned really
quickly and now I can hover over and see.
Some of these were all of
these were these really
long 30 millisecond search endpoints.
So, you'll notice though that also
this messes with our axis, right?
The values chosen on our axis.
That's because plot again is
sort of cleverly trying to
figure out which axis it should use,
what input domain it
has to account for
by looking at the values in our data set.
So, if we want to stabilize that,
we already know how to do that,
we can override the default values for
the axis.
If we want to make sure that plot does
it keep changing this as the input
dataset changes.
But for now, we'll call this good enough.